.Ss OUTPUT OPTIONS
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width "--concatenate" -compact
.It Fl -output-accuracies
.It Fl -no-output-accuracies
Turn on or off the printing of voted and average accuracies from the testing data.
By default, if
.Fl -test
or
.Fl -test-times
is not specified, this option is off; if one of the test options is specified, this option is on.
If 
.Fl -output-confusion-matrix
is specified, this option is turned on as long as the previous condition is met.
.It Fl -output-confusion-matrix
Print the confusion matrix for the testing data.
.It Fl -output-predictions
Output the predicted class for each sample in the testing data. For
.Ar exodus
data, a new exodus file named
.Ar predictions.ex2
is created using the same mesh
as the input datafile. This file contains three variables:
.Ar Fold ,
.Ar Truth ,
and
.Ar Prediction .
The Fold variable's value is the cross-validation fold to which the point belonged.
The Truth variable's value is the same as the class variable from the input datafile.
The Prediction variable's value is the class predicted by the decision tree.
For
.Ar avatar
data, a new file is created and named using the filestem and
.Ar .pred
as the extension. This file contains a copy of all the data in the input datafile
with an added column containing the predicted class for the sample.
.It Fl -output-probabilities
Output the probability of each sample being classified as each class. The predicted class
(as specified above) is always stored when this option is specified. For
.Ar exodus
data, num_classes variables are added to the predictions file and the value at each
data point is the probability that the data point is classified as that class. For
.Ar avatar
data, num_classes columns are added to the predictions file. Each column is the probability
that the data sample will be classified as that class.
.It Fl -verbose-oob
Print the out-of-bag accuracy for the ensemble after each
tree is added. The values are printed to a file named
the same as the input data file but with the extension
.Ar .oob-data .
.It Fl -output-margins
Adds a column to the
.Ar Predictions
file which contains the 
.Ar class margin .
The class margin is the delta between the probability of the most likely
class and the probability of the second most likely class.
.El
