.Ss SKEW CORRECTION
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width "--concatenate" -compact
.It Fl -majority-bagging
Use majority bagging
.It Fl -majority-ivoting
Use majority ivoting
.El
NOTE: The bag/bite size is set automatically to ensure the desired proportions.
In the future, setting the bag/bite size on the command line will be allowed.
.Bl -tag -width "--concatenate" -compact
.It Fl -balanced-learning
Use balanced learning
.It Fl -boosting
Use AdaBoost
.It Fl -smote Ar smote-type
.Ar smote-type
is either
.Ar open
or
.Ar closed .
Open (default) SMOTE considers points of all classes when computing nearest neighbors.
Closed SMOTE only considers points of the same class when computing nearest neighbors.
.It Fl -smoteboost
Use AdaBoost and closed SMOTE
.It Fl -distance-type Ar num
The distance type used to compute nearest neightbors in SMOTE.
.Ar num
= 2 is Euclidean (default) and
.Ar num
= 1 is Manhattan.
.El
.Pp
The following arguments are required for all skew correction methods except boosting:
.Bl -tag -width "--concatenate" -compact
.It Fl -minority-classes Ar list
.Ar list
is a comma-separated list of minority class labels.
.It Fl -proportions Ar list
.Ar list
is a
.Ar colon-separated
list of the desired proportions for the minority classes. The order of the
proportions must  be the same as the order of the classes in the minority-classes
list. The proportions should be entered as percentages, i.e. in the range [0,100].
Only proportions for the minorty classes are specified since the proportions for
the majority classes are computed to achieve the minority class proportions and
maintain the relative proportions among the majority classes in the original data.
Therefore, the sum of all specified proportions will not equal 100.
.El
.Pp
EXAMPLE: Five classes with labels foo,bar,baz,bas,fez and proportions of 5:20:8:25:42 in the original dataset.
If the foo and baz classes should be corrected to have proportions of 20:20 then the following
arguments would be given:
.Bl -tag -width "--concatenate" -compact
.It Fl -minority-classes=foo,baz
.It Fl -proportions=20:20
.El
This will result in the five classes having the following proportions 20:13.79:20:17.24:28.97
(or as close as is possible) in the SMOTEd dataset. The three majority classes are in the same
proportion to each other as they were in the original dataset and the minority classes
have the proportions specified on the command line.
